That is
Do you not love me at all?
sweet
The whole world knows
You are my woman
You say I like you or not
But why won't you touch me?
You know.
Because I can't marry you
So
You cherish me
Right, Yanyan?
What do you think?
Look at
For the sake of you treating me so well
I don't care
But
You are still not allowed to accompany that mute today
Don't go on your birthday
Ok I promise you
That's more like it.
I said I don't like this style.
He insisted on buying it.
I really can't do anything about him
I said I don't like this style.
He insisted on buying it.
It's so bold
Sorry, we're closing.
This is the cake that Mr. Lu deposited in the store before
It's about to hang up at 12 o'clock.
Why don't you make a wish and go again?
Happy Birthday